today welcome to Todd's kitchen this
recipe has just about every flavor going
for it that smooth creamy and delicious
so join me today is make my version of
caramel banana frozen yogurts not just
quickly before i start i love to give a
quick shout out to justice he's the
wonderful person that created that intro
that you just saw so i'll leave a link
down to his channel below so please do
me a huge favor by checking out his
channel and subscribing so we're gonna
start this off by using a blender now
make sure it's a good quality blender
that's rated to crush ice so we're going
to start without bananas now frozen up
for large bananas now it's very
important that you peel the bananas
before you freeze them otherwise it's
just simply going to be too hard to
remove the peel next I'm going to add
250 grams of nonfat Greek yogurt and
finally some caramel now you can find
sugar-free caramel it's like a caramel
substitute I'm just using a low sugar
version they won't need a lot just a
little bit to add flavor and always just
pulse it through a few times just to
break everything I and once it's broken
up just put it on low for about two to
three minutes and there we have our
incredibly simple and easy and healthy
frozen banana caramel you go good and
you can serve it up straight away it's
like a soft-serve consistency but you
can also store it in a sealed container
in the freezer and just have it like a
normal frozen yogurt so it's a very
simple and easy trick to make but the
best thing is it tastes simply delicious
with a blender that's rated to crush ice
just so you know breaker blend up so
thank you for watching this episode of
Todd's kitchen as always a living list
of ingredients down below as well as
links to my Facebook Twitter Instagram
at home and eads channel and please do
us a favour by giving this video a
thumbs up leave a comment and subscribe
and I'll see you next time for another
delicious recipe